# Welcome to Programming Lightning: Building a Node with LDK

The goal of Programming Lightning is to give you hands on development experience with Lightning. During this workshop, we'll build a full Lightning node with the help of the Lightning Development Kit (LDK). As you'll see during this workshop, the beauty of LDK is that it is fully customizable - you can choose where to souce your on-chain data from (full node, esplora, electrum, etc.), you data storage (filesystem, SQL database, etc.), and so much more. As we work through building a node, we'll discuss the various options and the trade-offs they entail. Buckle up, this is going to be fun!

# Prerequisites

#### Bitcoin/Lightning
We assume you have read or already understand the information contained in **Mastering Bitcoin** (and/or **Programming Bitcoin**) and **Mastering Lightning**. While we will cover some of the Lightning protocol in this course, most of the course focuses on applying that knowledge towards building a node with LDK, so a general understanding of Lightning will greatly help.

#### Rust
This workshop is entirely written in the Rust programming language. We will mostly be using **rust-bitcoin** and the **Lightning Development Kit** . If you're not familiar with Rust, there is a brief Rust Crash Course at the begining of this workbook. However, if you want to get the most out of this workbook, it is highly recommended to complete the following free, self-paced course first:
- [The Bitcoiner's Intro to Rust](https://btcdemy.thinkific.com/)

# Replit

Programming Lightning is self-contained, and everything you need is already implemented within this Repl. For example, there is a bitcoin core node running in the background. As we work through this course, we'll compelete small coding exercises which implement the missing pieces to our full LDK Lightning node, also contained within this workbook.

At the end of this workshop, we'll start our regtest network in the background, spin up a Core Lightning node, and use our newly built LDK node to open a channel and send a payment to the Core Lightning node!


# Using the Workshop

Along the way you might come across emojis that signify something important.  Here's a quick overview of what you might see and what they mean:
<br/><br/>
👉 This emoji means the following console command or code block should be copy-and-pasted or typed out:
```
// some command or code will be here, with a copy button on the right
```
⚡️ You'll see a lightning bolt when it's time to start a programming exercise
<br/><br/>